Young master hahaha
This is Amami Restaurant ranked second
The disciple box that is known as the non-powerful and not allowed to enter
This box
Not everyone can decide
What kind of box is first in line?
It's better than that.
Come and sit first
Sit first
Hey
Go go go
This number one is the Tianzi box
Our Xiao family can decide
It's just that it was booked in advance for tonight.
What do you mean?
You and I are not of the same class, so naturally we will not understand.
In the building, except for my Xiao family
The number of people who can set the day proudly in the box can be counted on ten fingers
Did the Tian family see it?
This is the Tang family of the top wealthy family in front of the Xiao family
That must be
I know why you're here.
But be prepared.
What to prepare
Invitation to the Global Business Summit
Contract orders for trillion-yuan projects
I can give you all these.
I can also promise you.
But why give it to you?
Xiao Qiao, what do you want, just ask
We all fight
I happen to be missing a woman by my side recently
I don't know.
What do you think?
Ah, daughter!
Can be seen by the young and the young
It is the blessing you have cultivated in your previous life
We promised
I refuse
Master, please change the condition.
change
What else can I exchange with me except you?
I have everything you have.
I have what you don't have.
BaiShao
Who are you?
The change made him married
How can I be worthy of you?
By the way, I just saw President Wan outside
Do we think he is normal?
What do you mean?
I have long heard that you have a very close relationship with President Wan
The Xiao family is our top wealthy family again
Shall we take this contract down?
Exactly.
Our Xiao family is at the end of the lawsuit with the World Chamber of Commerce
OK
Take the project down tonight